Feature/btj convert v3 to cmake (#90)
JCSDA/CRTMv3: README_JEDI.md

README_JEDI.md

CRTM REL-3.0.1  Released September 23, 2023
CRTM REL-3.0.0  Released April 1, 2021

The README.md file contains a lot of general information about this repository and the legacy build system based on autotools.

CRTM REL-3.0.1 JEDI environment build instructions
=========================================================

Preamble
--------

CRTM v3.0.1 release (`REL-3.0.1`)  

This is a fully functional release of CRTM v3.0.1.

Basic requirements:  
(1) A Fortran 2003 compatible compiler.  
(2) A netCDF4 / HDF5 library.   
(3) A linux, macOS, or unix-style environment.  This has not been tested under any Windows Fortran environments.
(4) Bash shell is preferred.

> (5) A suitable JCSDA JEDI environment: either HPC enabled, a JEDI container, JEDI-stacks, or at a bare minimum ecbuild from ectools OR cmake.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(5) A suitable JCSDA JEDI environment: either HPC enabled, a JEDI container, spack-stack, or at a bare minimum ecbuild from ectools OR cmake.
```
Should ecbuild be removed here?

Author: ecbuild will still build a cmake-only CMakeLists.txt file, so if they have / use ecbuild as part of their normal workflow, the present change should not impact them.
